Update docs with new details for 3g (#307)
subspace/subspace-docs: versioned_docs/version-latest/protocol/substrate-cli.mdx

  2022-02-03 10:52:29 ⚙️  Syncing, target=#215883 (2 peers), best: #55 (0xafc7…bccf), finalized #0 (0x6ada…0d38), ⬇ 850.1kiB/s ⬆ 1.5kiB/s
  ```
  5. We will then open another terminal, change to the downloads directory, then start the farmer node with the following command:

>   :::note Farming while Plotting changes

Reviewer: I can't see this in the preview?

Author: fixed with commit 00d53e2

## IV. Advanced

---
### Timekeepers

> Gemini-3g Introduces our Proof-of-Time, a new optional role that has been added to the node. The Timekeepers help run PoT on the network to ensure the security of the network. Timekeeping requires a high-performance core cpu but can be ran by any node runner. You can enable time keeping with the following commands. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gemini-3g introduces Proof-of-Time and a new, optional role has been added to the node. Timekeepers help run PoT to ensure the security of the network. Timekeeping requires a high-performance core CPU but can be undertaken by any node runner. You can enable timekeeping with the following commands.  
```

> - `--timekeeper`: To Enable Timekeeping on the node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--timekeeper`: To enable timekeeping on the node
```

> - `--timekeeper-cpu-cores`: To specify which cores the Timekeeper will run on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--timekeeper-cpu-cores`: To specify which cores the timekeeper will run on. 
```

### Node & Farmer Commands Guide

Both the node and the farmer have a variety of flags and parameters. To see a full list, append the `--help` flag to either the node or the farmer command.

### Common Command Examples

:::note Farming Changes

> Please note that as of `Gemini-3g` Farming no longer occurs while plotting. This is to ensure the plotting process occurs in the most efficient manner. You can change this by adding the `--farm-during-initial-plotting` flag to the farmer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that as of `Gemini-3g` farming no longer occurs while plotting. This is to ensure the plotting process occurs in the most efficient manner. You can change this by adding the `--farm-during-initial-plotting` flag to the farmer. 
```
